Hello there traveler!,If you want to learn about Hanyu you can speak to the other villagers here.,Do you think you can prove your knowledge of Hanyu to me?/Learning to read and write Hanyu takes a while.,It's because there is a different character for each word.,There are hundreds of characters to learn!/You want to learn Hanyu? Speaking it is hard for new learners.,Learners usually have trouble speaking the different tones.,There are four tones total in Hanyu./It's nice that you're trying to learn a new language!,Did you know? Hanyu has less pronouns than we do.,There's I and you and then a gender-neutral pronoun instead of he or she./Well you do know your Hanyu! That's the first step to traveling to China.,I wish you good luck on your travels!
Hello traveler.,I'm glad you're learning about Chinese currency., If you want to learn how money works in China you should talk to the other villagers.,Do you think you could tell me what you know about Chinese money?/It's great you're learning about Chinese money.,Did you know the most common coin in China is called the Wushu?,It's everywhere in China; make sure to pick some up on your journey!/They are making tons of coins in China -- much more than we have here., They made over 28 billion coins in the last 100 years!/Gold coins are the most valuable in China. They can be worth hundreds of times the bronze coins./Good job! You have learned a lot about Chinese curency.,Best of luck to you in completing your journey!
Hello traveler.,The language of the Indus Valley civilization is very diverse. Speaking to the other villages will help show you that.,Do you think you have learned all you can learn about it?/If you want to seem well-educated then you should learn Sanskrit.,It is the language of the Vedas--the oldest scriptures of the religion Hinduism./Sanskrit is the language to know!,Panini--an Indian grammarian--standardized it. He made 3959 rules for the language!/Aside from Sanskrit there are also other dialects developing in India., Any language dialect is called Prakrit./Good job! You have learned the languages of India well.,Best of luck to you in completing your journey.
Hello traveler.,Congratulations on learning more about Indian currency. You can talk to the other villagers to learn more.,Are you ready to show me your knowledge?/Indian coins are usually made out of gold or silver., They don't use bronze like we do here./Glad you're learning about Indian money!, The most common coins they have are called Dinara and Suvarna./In India sometimes they don't use coins and trade instead which is called bartering./Good job! You have learned quite a bit about Indian money. Safe travels!
